Add page for job_errors view (#1858)
timescale/docs: api/job_errors.md

---
api_name: timescaledb_information.job_errors
excerpt: Get information about background job errors
keywords: [jobs, information]
tags: [background jobs, scheduled jobs, automation framework, scheduled views]
api:
  license: community
  type: view
---

## timescaledb_information.job_errors

Shows information about runtime errors encountered by jobs run by the automation framework.
This includes jobs set up for user defined actions and jobs run by policies
created to manage data retention, continuous aggregates, compression, and
other automation policies.  (See [policies][actions]).

### Available columns

|Name|Type|Description|
|---|---|---|

> |`job_id` | INTEGER | The id of the background job created to implement the policy |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`job_id` | INTEGER | The ID of the background job created to implement the policy |
```

|`proc_schema`| TEXT | Schema name of the function or procedure executed by the job |
|`proc_name`| TEXT |Name of the function or procedure executed by the job|

> |`pid`| INTEGER | The process id of the background worker executing the job. This is `NULL` in the case of a job crash |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`pid`| INTEGER | The process ID of the background worker executing the job. This is `NULL` in the case of a job crash |
```

|`start_time`| TIMESTAMP WITH TIME ZONE | Start time of the job |
|`finish_time`| TIMESTAMP WITH TIME ZONE | Time when error was reported |
|`sqlerrcode`| TEXT | The error code associated with this error, if any. See the [official PostgreSQL documentation](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/errcodes-appendix.html) for a full list of error codes |

> |`err_message`| TEXT | The detailed error message |

Reviewer: Table needs to be compressed

Author: thank you for reviewing @Loquacity! Not sure what this comment means, what should I change above?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`err_message`|TEXT|The detailed error message|
```

Just take the spaces out, like this ☝️

### Sample usage

See information about recent job failures:

```sql
SELECT job_id, proc_schema, proc_name, pid, sqlerrcode, err_message from timescaledb_information.job_errors ;

 job_id | proc_schema |  proc_name   |  pid  | sqlerrcode |                     err_message                     
--------+-------------+--------------+-------+------------+-----------------------------------------------------
   1001 | public      | custom_proc2 | 83111 | 40001      | could not serialize access due to concurrent update
   1003 | public      | job_fail     | 83134 | 57014      | canceling statement due to user request
   1005 | public      | job_fail     |       |            | job crash detected, see server logs
(3 rows)

```

### Error retention policy

> The informational view `timescaledb_information.job_errors` is defined on top of the table `_timescaledb_internal.job_errors` in the internal schema. To prevent this table from growing too large, a system background job `Error Log Retention Policy [2]` is enabled by default, with the following configuration:

Reviewer: Reflow

```sql
id                | 2
application_name  | Error Log Retention Policy [2]
schedule_interval | 1 mon
max_runtime       | 01:00:00
max_retries       | -1
retry_period      | 01:00:00
proc_schema       | _timescaledb_internal
proc_name         | policy_job_error_retention
owner             | owner must be a user with WRITE privilege on the table `_timescaledb_internal.job_errors`
scheduled         | t
fixed_schedule    | t
initial_start     | 2000-01-01 02:00:00+02
hypertable_id     | 
config            | {"drop_after": "1 month"}
check_schema      | _timescaledb_internal
check_name        | policy_job_error_retention_check
timezone          | 

```

> On MST and Timescale Cloud, the owner of the error retention job is `tsdbadmin`. In an on-premise installation, the owner of the job is the same as the extension owner. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Timescale Cloud and Managed Service for TimescaleDB, the owner of the error retention job is `tsdbadmin`. In an on-premise installation, the owner of the job is the same as the extension owner. 
```

The owner of the retention job is able to treat it like they would any other job. This means that the owner can alter it and delete it.

> For example, the owner can change the retention interval as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, the owner can change the retention interval like this:
```

---
api_name: timescaledb_information.job_errors
excerpt: Get information about background job errors
keywords: [jobs, information]
tags: [background jobs, scheduled jobs, automation framework, scheduled views]
api:
  license: community
  type: view
---

## timescaledb_information.job_errors

Shows information about runtime errors encountered by jobs run by the automation framework.

> This includes jobs set up for user defined actions and jobs run by policies

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This includes jobs set up for user-defined actions and jobs run by policies
```

created to manage data retention, continuous aggregates, compression, and

> other automation policies.  (See [policies][actions]).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
other automation policies. For more information about automation policies, 
see the [policies][actions] section.
```

### Available columns

|Name|Type|Description|

> |---|---|---|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|-|-|-|
```

### Error retention policy

The informational view `timescaledb_information.job_errors` is defined on top
of the table `_timescaledb_internal.job_errors` in the internal schema. To
prevent this table from growing too large, a system background job
`Error Log Retention Policy [2]` is enabled by default,
with the following configuration:

```sql
id                | 2
application_name  | Error Log Retention Policy [2]
schedule_interval | 1 mon
max_runtime       | 01:00:00
max_retries       | -1
retry_period      | 01:00:00
proc_schema       | _timescaledb_internal
proc_name         | policy_job_error_retention
owner             | owner must be a user with WRITE privilege on the table `_timescaledb_internal.job_errors`
scheduled         | t
fixed_schedule    | t
initial_start     | 2000-01-01 02:00:00+02
hypertable_id     | 
config            | {"drop_after": "1 month"}
check_schema      | _timescaledb_internal
check_name        | policy_job_error_retention_check
timezone          | 

```
On Timescale Cloud and Managed Service for TimescaleDB, the owner of the error
retention job is `tsdbadmin`. In an on-premise installation, the owner of the
job is the same as the extension owner. 

> The owner of the retention job is able to treat it like they would any other
> job. This means that the owner can alter it and delete it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The owner of the retention job can alter it and delete it.
```
